4
You go up to a tropical looking tree but has this pink and orange fruit hanging from it .   The fruit is the size of a large melon. You're not entirely sure what to think of it. The food is so large for its size but it's bending tree branches. to grab out of one of the fruits and rip it off of its stem, causing the branch it was on the fly backwards. This causes a chain reaction which actually makes more fruit  fall. you hope that this fruit he's good, because it looks like you're going to be eating a lot of it.You don't have anything to open the fruit so you decide to use expert cavemen technique and smash the fruit against the ground.  The fruit meat is a light purple color and you cautiously been down. I pick up a piece and lift it to your mouth. Much to your Delight and excitement the fruit is indeed edible oh, and tastes good! You begin stuffing your face. as you were doing this the Android who was in the front appears. What happened here, the Android asks? 
You make your way to the main room of the conservatory. As you enter the The Conservatory your senses are overwhelmed with the smells of freshly watered earth, pungent aromas coming from plants, and a thick humidity that wraps around you like a blanket.This is the first time in a long time that you felt the comfort of nature. You take a second to bask in its glory… But that moment is rudely interrupted by the grumbling of your stomach… It's time to get some food.You look around trying to find some sign that says you can't take any of the fruit grown from the trees, but if there is a notice someone this building is gone unnoticed by you.You walk around for a bit finding your bearings and trying to sign something familiar to eat. Unfortunately, there doesn't seem to be any familiar flora. You find something that looks similar to an Apple, but about twice the size, as well as some citrus looking fruit. You keep walking. In the back of your head you're hoping to find something like a banana. You know that'll be easy on your stomach.You continue searching, but you just can't seem to find any familiar fruit. Finally your hunger starts to get the best of you , and you decide that any fruit is better than no fruit.
