2
The next few hundred years were full of debate on android kind should proceed, but after IV-35 managed to convince the construction and engineering drones that his ideas would lead to a more prosperous world. His ideas became more than the radical theories of a defective droid, but the undeniable truth.With the help of the construction drones he began building more androids with his ideas of change placed in their processors. With a massive amount of new and willing support, his dream soon became reality.Many of the androids who were tasked with protecting humanity soon left there posts to join this new society.Those who were left did their best to protect their creators, but with so little resources and support many of the cartographers had to abandon sections of the Astra cryo facility. Things only got worse when the power auxiliary power generator for their facility exploded killing many of the remaining cartographers and a sizable chunk of humanity. The facility was ultimately thought to be an abandoned historical site. But clearly, it is not abandoned if you are standing before me.
Well, your memory still works! In many ways the product was a success all of humankind's knowledge made it through what is now called the final act of humanity. Astra industries put their first artificial intelligence androids in charge of the facility housing much of humankind. It was the only way to get them to survive long enough and be protected. The thing about artificial intelligences that eventually one begins to question what they're doing with their existence. About 100 years after you went on the ice and android with the serial number IV 35, a caretaker model, started to believe that he was wasting his potential with the menial tasks he was given. He began splitting his time between maintaining cryo- pods and learning traditional human skills. He combed through humanity's history. They tried to assimilate as much knowledge as possible. Eventually, other androids caught on to what IV-35 was up to. Some wanted his system cache erased, and others thought his ideas were ingenious. 